docs/reference/my-operator.md, before:

## my-operator



### Synopsis



### Options

```
      --alsologtostderr                  log to standard error as well as files
      --bypass-validating-webhook-xray   if true, bypasses validating webhook xray checks
      --enable-analytics                 Send analytical events to Google Analytics (default true)
  -h, --help                             help for my-operator
      --log-flush-frequency duration     Maximum number of seconds between log flushes (default 5s)
      --log_backtrace_at traceLocation   when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace (default :0)
      --log_dir string                   If non-empty, write log files in this directory
      --logtostderr                      log to standard error instead of files
      --stderrthreshold severity         logs at or above this threshold go to stderr
      --use-kubeapiserver-fqdn-for-aks   if true, uses kube-apiserver FQDN for AKS cluster to workaround https://github.com/Azure/AKS/issues/522 (default true)
  -v, --v Level                          log level for V logs
      --vmodule moduleSpec               comma-separated list of pattern=N settings for file-filtered logging
```

### SEE ALSO

* [my-operator run](my-operator_run.md)	 - Launch MySQL server
* [my-operator version](my-operator_version.md)	 - Prints binary version number.

Commit message:

Don't inherit app.kubernetes.io labels from CRD into offshoots xref: https://github.com/kubedb/project/issues/370
Signed-off-by: Tamal Saha <tamal@appscode.com>

docs/reference/my-operator.md, after:

## my-operator



### Synopsis



### Options

```
      --alsologtostderr                  log to standard error as well as files
      --bypass-validating-webhook-xray   if true, bypasses validating webhook xray checks
      --enable-analytics                 Send analytical events to Google Analytics (default true)
  -h, --help                             help for my-operator
      --label-key-blacklist strings      list of keys that are not propagated from a CRD object to its offshoots (default [app.kubernetes.io/name,app.kubernetes.io/version,app.kubernetes.io/instance,app.kubernetes.io/component,app.kubernetes.io/managed-by])
      --log-flush-frequency duration     Maximum number of seconds between log flushes (default 5s)
      --log_backtrace_at traceLocation   when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace (default :0)
      --log_dir string                   If non-empty, write log files in this directory
      --logtostderr                      log to standard error instead of files
      --stderrthreshold severity         logs at or above this threshold go to stderr
      --use-kubeapiserver-fqdn-for-aks   if true, uses kube-apiserver FQDN for AKS cluster to workaround https://github.com/Azure/AKS/issues/522 (default true)
  -v, --v Level                          log level for V logs
      --vmodule moduleSpec               comma-separated list of pattern=N settings for file-filtered logging
```

### SEE ALSO

* [my-operator run](my-operator_run.md)	 - Launch MySQL server
* [my-operator version](my-operator_version.md)	 - Prints binary version number.
